<section meta="" class="theory-viewer__block theory-viewer__block_type_markdown"><div class="base-markdown base-markdown_with-gallery markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory"><h1>Project Description</h1><div class="paragraph">Congratulations! You’ve completed yet another course on our training platform. Now it's time to test your skills by solving a new machine learning problem. For this project, you'll be on your own.</div><div class="paragraph">When you finish your project, send your work to the project reviewer. You will receive feedback within 24 hours. After that, you will need to make any necessary changes to your work and send it in for a second review.</div><div class="paragraph">This process usually has to be repeated several times until everything gets the green light from the reviewer and all the corrections are approved. That’s all part of the job.</div><div class="paragraph">Your project will be considered complete when the project reviewer approves it.</div><h1>Project description</h1><div class="paragraph">Supermarket chain Good Seed is introducing a computer vision system for processing customer photos. Photofixation in the checkout area will help determine the age of customers in order to:</div><ul><li>Analyze purchases and offer products that may interest buyers in particular age groups</li><li>Monitor clerks selling alcohol</li></ul><div class="paragraph">Build a model that will determine the approximate age of a person from a photograph. To help, you'll have a set of photographs of people with their ages indicated.</div><h3>Project Instructions</h3><ol start="1"><li>Analyze the set of photographs.</li><li>Prepare the data for training.</li><li>Train the neural network and calculate its quality.</li></ol><h2>Project Evaluation</h2><div class="paragraph">We’ve put together the evaluation criteria for the project. Read them carefully before moving on to the task:</div><ul><li>Have you followed all the steps in the instructions?</li><li>How did you analyze the data?</li><li>How did you prepare the data for training?</li><li>Which neural networks did you consider?</li><li>What are your findings?</li><li>Have you kept to the project structure?</li><li>Have you kept the code neat?</li></ul><div class="paragraph">You have your takeaway sheets and chapter summaries, so you're ready to proceed to the project.</div><div class="paragraph">Good luck!</div></div></section>