<div class="markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory theory-viewer__markdown theory-viewer__markdown_flexible big-theory theory-panel__big-theory"><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 4. Exploratory data analysis (Python)</strong></div><div class="paragraph">You have files that contain the data retrieved with queries from the previous tasks. </div><div class="paragraph"><a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/learning-materials/data-analyst-eng/project_sql_result_01.csv" target="_blank">/datasets/project_sql_result_01.csv</a> — the result of the first query. It contains the following data:</div><div class="paragraph"><em>company_name</em>: taxi company name</div><div class="paragraph"><em>trips_amount</em>: the number of rides for each taxi company on November 15-16, 2017. </div><div class="paragraph"><a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/learning-materials/data-analyst-eng/project_sql_result_04.csv" target="_blank">/datasets/project_sql_result_04.csv</a> — the result of the second query. It contains the following data:</div><div class="paragraph"><em>dropoff_location_name</em>: Chicago neighborhoods where rides ended</div><div class="paragraph"><em>average_trips</em>: the average number of rides that ended in each neighborhood in November 2017. </div><div class="paragraph"> For these two datasets you now need to</div><ul><li>import the files</li><li>study the data they contain</li><li>make sure the data types are correct</li><li>identify the top 10 neighborhoods in terms of drop-offs</li><li>make graphs: taxi companies and number of rides, top 10 neighborhoods by number of dropoffs</li><li>draw conclusions based on each graph and explain the results</li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 5. Testing hypotheses (Python)</strong></div><div class="paragraph"><a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/learning-materials/data-analyst-eng/project_sql_result_07.csv" target="_blank">/datasets/project_sql_result_07.csv</a> — the result of the last query. It contains data on rides from the Loop to O'Hare International Airport. Remember, these are the table's field values:</div><ul><li><em>start_ts</em> <ul><li>pickup date and time</li></ul></li><li><em>weather_conditions</em> <ul><li>weather conditions at the moment the ride started</li></ul></li><li><em>duration_seconds</em> <ul><li>ride duration in seconds</li></ul></li></ul><div class="paragraph">Test the hypothesis:</div><div class="paragraph">"The average duration of rides from the Loop to O'Hare International Airport changes on rainy Saturdays." </div><div class="paragraph">Decide where to set the significance level (alpha) on your own.</div><div class="paragraph">Explain:</div><ul><li>how you formed the null and alternative hypotheses</li><li>what criterion you used to test the hypotheses and why</li></ul><h2><strong>How will my project be evaluated?</strong></h2><div class="paragraph">Here are the project assessment criteria. Read them over carefully before you get to work.</div><div class="paragraph">Here’s what the project reviewer will look for when assessing your project:</div><ul><li>how you retrieve data from the website</li><li>how you make data slices</li><li>how you group data</li><li>whether you use the various methods for combining data correctly</li><li>how you formulate hypotheses</li><li>what criteria you use to test the hypotheses and why</li><li>what conclusions you reach</li><li>whether you leave comments at each step</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The cheat sheets and summaries from previous lessons have everything you need to complete the project.</div><div class="paragraph">Good luck!</div></div>
