<div class="markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory theory-viewer__markdown theory-viewer__markdown_flexible big-theory theory-panel__big-theory"><h2><strong>Project description</strong></h2><div class="paragraph">Your project is to prepare a report for a bank’s loan division. You’ll need to find out if a customer’s marital status and number of children has an impact on whether they will default on a loan. The bank already has some data on customers’ credit worthiness.</div><div class="paragraph">Your report will be considered when building a <strong>credit scoring</strong> of a potential customer. A <strong>credit scoring</strong> is used to evaluate the ability of a potential borrower to repay their loan.</div><h2><strong>Instructions for completing the project</strong></h2><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 1</strong>. Open the data file <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">/datasets/credit_scoring_eng.csv</code> and have a look at the general information. <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/credit_scoring_eng.csv">Download dataset</a>.</div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 2</strong>. Preprocess the data:</div><div class="paragraph">—Identify and fill in missing values. </div><div class="paragraph">—Replace the real number data type with the integer type. </div><div class="paragraph">—Delete duplicate data. </div><div class="paragraph">—Categorize the data.</div><div class="paragraph">Explain:</div><div class="paragraph">—which missing values you identified; </div><div class="paragraph">—possible reasons these missing values were present; </div><div class="paragraph">—which method you used to fill in missing values; </div><div class="paragraph">—which method you used to find and delete duplicate data and why; </div><div class="paragraph">—possible reasons why duplicate data was present; </div><div class="paragraph">—which method you used to change the data type and why; </div><div class="paragraph">—which dictionaries you've selected for this data set and why.</div><div class="paragraph">The data may contain artifacts, or values that don't correspond to reality—for instance, a negative number of days employed. This kind of thing happens when you're working with real data. You need to describe the possible reasons such data may have turned up and process it.</div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 3.</strong> Answer these questions:</div><div class="paragraph">—Is there a connection between having kids and repaying a loan on time? </div><div class="paragraph">—Is there a connection between marital status and repaying a loan on time? </div><div class="paragraph">—Is there a connection between income level and repaying a loan on time? </div><div class="paragraph">—How do different loan purposes affect timely loan repayment?</div><div class="paragraph">Interpret your answers. Explain what the results you obtained mean.</div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 4.</strong> Write an overall conclusion.</div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Format:</strong> 
Complete the project in the Jupyter Notebook (it opens when you click Next). Write code in the code cells and notes with explanations and interpretations in the markdown cells. Use formatting and headings.</div><h2><strong>Data description</strong></h2><div class="paragraph">—<em>children</em> : the number of children in the family </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>days_employed</em>: how long the customer has worked </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>dob_years</em>: the customer’s age </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>education</em>: the customer’s education level </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>education_id</em>: identifier for the customer’s education </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>family_status</em>: the customer’s marital status </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>family_status_id</em>: identifier for the customer’s marital status </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>gender</em>: the customer’s gender </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>income_type</em>: the customer’s income type </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>debt</em>: whether the client has ever defaulted on a loan </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>total_income</em>: annual income </div><div class="paragraph">—<em>purpose</em>: reason for taking out a loan</div></div>
