<div class="markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory"><h1>Project Description</h1><div class="paragraph">Congratulations! You’ve completed another training platform course. Now is the perfect time to test your skills and solve a new machine learning problem. For this project, you will be on your own.</div><div class="paragraph">When you finish, send your work to the project reviewer. You will receive feedback within 24 hours. After that, you will make any necessary changes to your work and send it for a second review.</div><div class="paragraph">Usually, this process has to be repeated several times until you get the green light from the reviewer and all the corrections are approved. That’s all part of the job.</div><div class="paragraph">Your project will be considered complete once the project reviewer approves it.</div><div class="paragraph">You work for the OilyGiant mining company. Your task is to find the best place for a new well.</div><div class="paragraph">Steps to choose the location:</div><ul><li>Collect the oil well parameters in the selected region: oil quality and volume of reserves;</li><li>Build a model for predicting the volume of reserves in the new wells;</li><li>Pick the oil wells with the highest estimated values;</li><li>Pick the region with the highest total profit for the selected oil wells.</li></ul><div class="paragraph">You have data on oil samples from three regions. Parameters of each oil well in the region are already known. Build a model that will help to pick the region with the highest profit margin. Analyze potential profit and risks using the <em>Bootstrapping</em> technique.</div><h3>Project instructions</h3><ol start="1"><li>Download and prepare the data. Explain the procedure.</li><li><div class="paragraph">Train and test the model for each region:</div><div class="paragraph"> 2.1. Split the data into a training set and validation set at a ratio of 75:25.</div><div class="paragraph"> 2.2. Train the model and make predictions for the validation set.</div><div class="paragraph"> 2.3. Save the predictions and correct answers for the validation set.</div><div class="paragraph"> 2.4. Print the average volume of predicted reserves and model <em>RMSE.</em></div><div class="paragraph"> 2.5. Analyze the results.</div></li><li><div class="paragraph">Prepare for profit calculation:</div><div class="paragraph"> 3.1. Store all key values for calculations in separate variables.</div><div class="paragraph"> 3.2. Calculate the volume of reserves sufficient for developing a new well without losses. Compare the obtained value with the average volume of reserves in each region.</div><div class="paragraph"> 3.3. Provide the findings about the preparation for profit calculation step.</div></li><li><div class="paragraph">Write a function to calculate profit from a set of selected oil wells and model predictions:</div><div class="paragraph"> 4.1. Pick the wells with the highest values of predictions. </div><div class="paragraph"> 4.2. Summarize the target volume of reserves in accordance with these predictions</div><div class="paragraph"> 4.3. Provide findings: suggest a region for oil wells' development and justify the choice. Calculate the profit for the obtained volume of reserves.</div></li><li><div class="paragraph">Calculate risks and profit for each region:</div></li></ol><div class="paragraph">5.1. Use the bootstrapping technique with 1000 samples to find the distribution of profit.</div><div class="paragraph">5.2. Find average profit, 95% confidence interval and risk of losses. Loss is negative profit, calculate it as a probability and then express as a percentage.</div><div class="paragraph">5.3. Provide findings: suggest a region for development of oil wells and justify the choice.</div><h3>Data description</h3><div class="paragraph">Geological exploration data for the three regions are stored in files:</div><ul><li><code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">geo_data_0.csv</code>. <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/geo_data_0.csv" target="_blank">download dataset</a></li><li><code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">geo_data_1.csv</code>. <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/geo_data_1.csv" target="_blank">download dataset</a></li><li><code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">geo_data_2.csv</code>. <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/geo_data_2.csv" target="_blank">download dataset</a></li><li><em>id</em> — unique oil well identifier</li><li><em>f0, f1, f2</em> — three features of points (their specific meaning is unimportant, but the features themselves are significant)</li><li><em>product</em> — volume of reserves in the oil well (thousand barrels).</li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Conditions:</strong></div><ul><li>Only linear regression is suitable for model training (the rest are not sufficiently predictable).</li><li>When exploring the region, a study of 500 points is carried with picking the best 200 points for the profit calculation.</li><li>The budget for development of 200 oil wells is 100 USD million.</li><li>One barrel of raw materials brings 4.5 USD of revenue The revenue from one unit of product is 4,500 dollars (volume of reserves is in thousand barrels).</li><li>After the risk evaluation, keep only the regions with the risk of losses lower than 2.5%. From the ones that fit the criteria, the region with the highest average profit should be selected.</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The data is synthetic: contract details and well characteristics are not disclosed.</div><h1>Project evaluation</h1><div class="paragraph">We’ve put together the evaluation criteria for the project. Read this carefully before moving on to the task.</div><div class="paragraph">Here’s what the reviewers will look at when reviewing your project:</div><ul><li>How did you prepare the data for training?</li><li>Have you followed all the steps of the instructions?</li><li>Have you taken into account all the business conditions?</li><li>What are your findings about the task study?</li><li>Have you applied the <em>Bootstrapping</em> technique correctly?</li><li>Have you suggested the best region for well development? Is the choice justified?</li><li>Did you avoid code duplication?</li><li>Have you kept to the project structure and kept the code neat?</li></ul><div class="paragraph">You have your takeaway sheets and chapter summaries, so you are ready to proceed to the project.</div><div class="paragraph">Good luck!</div></div>
