<h2>Project description</h2><div class="paragraph">You’ll have the data from Yandex.Realty provided for you. Working with data will not always be completely familiar - from time to time, you'll encounter data from peculiar sources, operating with peculiar measurements. Let's work with something exotic to keep you on your toes: a real estate agency has an archive of sales ads for realty in St. Petersburg, Russia, and the surrounding areas collected over the past few years.  You’ll need to learn how to determine the market value of real estate properties. Your task is to define the parameters. This will make it possible to create an automated system that is capable of detecting anomalies and fraud.</div><div class="paragraph">There are two different types of data available for every apartment for sale. The first type is a user’s input. The second type is received automatically based upon the map data. This could be calculated, for example, based upon the distance from the downtown area, airport, the nearest park or body of water.</div><h3>Instructions on completing the project</h3><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 1</strong>. <strong>Open the data file and study the general information</strong></div><div class="paragraph">File path: <em>/datasets/real_estate_data_eng.csv</em>. <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/real_estate_data_eng.csv">Download dataset</a> </div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 2. Data preprocessing</strong></div><ul><li>Determine and study the missing values:
  <ul><li>A practical replacement can be presumed for some missing values. For example, if the user doesn’t enter the number of balconies, then there probably aren’t any. The correct course of action here is to replace these missing values with 0. There’s no suitable replacement value for other data types. In this case, leave these values blank. A missing value is also a key indicator that mustn’t be hidden.</li><li>Fill in the missing values where appropriate. Explain why you’ve chosen to fill the missing values in these particular columns and how you selected the values.</li><li>Describe the factors that may have led up to the missing values.</li></ul></li><li>Convert the data to the required types:
  <ul><li>Indicate the columns where the data types have to be changed and explain why.</li></ul></li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 3. Make calculations and add the following entries to the table:</strong></div><ul><li>the price per square meter</li><li>the day of the week, month, and year that the ad was published</li><li>which floor the apartment is on (first, last, or other)</li><li>the ratio between the living space and the total area, as well as between the kitchen space and the total area.</li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 4. Conduct some research data analysis and follow the instructions below:</strong></div><ul><li>Carefully investigate the following parameters: square area, price, number of rooms, and ceiling height. Plot a histogram for each parameter.</li><li>Examine the time it's taken to sell the apartment and plot a histogram. Calculate the mean and median and explain the average time it usually takes to complete a sale. When can a sale be considered to have happened rather quickly or taken an extra long time?</li><li>Remove rare and outlying values and describe the patterns you've discovered.</li><li>Which factors have had the biggest influence on an apartment’s price? Examine whether the value depends on the total square area, number of rooms, floor (top or bottom), or the proximity to the downtown area. Also study the correlation to the publication date: day of the week, month, and year.</li><li>Select the 10 localities with the largest number of ads then calculate the average price per square meter in these localities. Determine which ones have the highest and lowest housing prices. You can find this data by name in the ’<em>locality_name’</em> column.</li><li>Thoroughly look at apartment offers: Each apartment has information about the distance to the city center. Select apartments in Saint Petersburg (<em>‘locality_name’</em>). Your task is to pinpoint which area is considered to be downtown. In order to do that, create a column with the distance to the city center in km and round to the nearest whole number. Next, calculate the average price for each kilometer and plot a graph to display how prices are affected by the distance to the city center. Find a place on the graph where it shifts significantly. That's the downtown border.</li><li>Select all the apartments in the downtown and examine correlations between the following parameters: total area, price, number of rooms, ceiling height. Also identify the factors that affect an apartment’s price: number of rooms, floor, distance to the downtown area, and ad publication date. Draw your conclusions. Are they different from the overall deductions about the entire city?</li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 5. Write an overall conclusion</strong></div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Format:</strong> Complete the task in <em>Jupyter Notebook</em>. Insert the programming code in <em>code</em> cells and text explanations in <em>markdown</em> cells then apply formatting and headings.</div><h3>Data Description</h3><ul><li><em>airports_nearest</em> <ul><li>the distance to the nearest airport in meters (m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>balcony</em> <ul><li>the number of balconies.</li></ul></li><li><em>ceiling_height</em> <ul><li>the ceiling height in meters (m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>cityCenters_nearest</em> <ul><li>the distance to the Saint-Petersburg center in meters (m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>days_exposition</em> <ul><li>how many days the ad was displayed (from publication to removal).</li></ul></li><li><em>first_day_exposition -</em> the publication date.</li><li><em>floor</em> <ul><li>the apartment floor number.</li></ul></li><li><em>floors_total</em> <ul><li>the total number of floors in the building.</li></ul></li><li><em>is_apartment</em> <ul><li>legacy column which doesn't convey any important information (Boolean type). See the note below.</li></ul></li><li><em>kitchen_area</em> <ul><li>the kitchen area in square meters (sq.m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>last_price</em> <ul><li>the price at the time when the ad was removed.</li></ul></li><li><em>living_area</em> <ul><li>the living area in square meters (sq.m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>locality_name</em> <ul><li>the locality name.</li></ul></li><li><em>open_plan</em> <ul><li>an open plan design (Boolean type).</li></ul></li><li><em>parks_around3000</em> <ul><li>the number of parks in a 3 km. radius.</li></ul></li><li><em>parks_nearest</em> <ul><li>the distance to the nearest park in meters (m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>ponds_around3000</em> <ul><li>the number of bodies of water in a 3 km. radius.</li></ul></li><li><em>ponds_nearest</em> <ul><li>the distance to the nearest body of water (m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>rooms</em> <ul><li>the number of bedrooms.</li></ul></li><li><em>studio</em> <ul><li>whether it's a studio or not (Boolean type).</li></ul></li><li><em>total_area</em> <ul><li>the total area in square meters (sq.m.).</li></ul></li><li><em>total_images</em> <ul><li>the number of photos of the apartment in the ad.</li></ul></li></ul><div class="paragraph">Note: the column 'is_apartment' has True values for properties that belong to the Russian real estate entity confusingly called "apartments" - a space that is non-residential in a legal sense and is not considered a part of the housing stock, even though it is often used for temporary rental housing. This column has nothing to do with whether the property in question is an apartment or not - all records in this dataset are apartments.</div><h2>How will my project be evaluated?</h2><div class="paragraph">We’ve put together some project assessment criteria. Read over them carefully before you start to solve a case.</div><div class="paragraph">Here’s what project reviewers look for when assessing your project:</div><ul><li>how you explain the problems identified in the data</li><li>which methods you used to process missing values</li><li>how you use data slices</li><li>whether or not your graphs solve the specific type of tasks</li><li>which methods you used to plot graphs</li><li>whether or not you export the final data into pivot tables</li><li>whether you did or didn't automate graph plotting</li><li>whether you calculate the correlation indicators in the data and how you explain them</li><li>whether you follow the project structure and keep the code tidy</li><li>the conclusions you come to</li><li>whether you leave comments about the steps.</li></ul>
