<div class="markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory"><h2><strong>Project description</strong></h2><div class="paragraph">You work as an analyst for "Megaline", a state mobile operator. The company offers its clients two prepaid plans, Surf and Ultimate. The commercial department would like to know which of the plans is more profitable in order to adjust the advertising budget. </div><div class="paragraph">You are going to carry out a preliminary analysis of the plans based on a relatively small client selection. You'll have the data on 500 "Megaline" clients, specifically, who the clients are, where they are from, which plan they use, the number of calls made and SMS they sent in 2018. You have to analyse clients' behavior and work out the most profitable prepaid plan. </div><h3>Prepaid plans description</h3><div class="paragraph"><strong>Surf</strong></div><ol start="1"><li>Monthly charge: $20</li><li>500 monthly minutes, 50 SMS and 15 GB of web traffic</li><li>After exceeding the package limits:
 1. 1 minute: 3 cents ("Megaline" always rounds up the minute and megabyte values. If the call lasted just one second, it will be counted as one minute);
 2. SMS: 3 cents;
 3. 1 GB of web traffic: $10.</li></ol><div class="paragraph"><strong>Ultimate</strong></div><ol start="1"><li>Monthly charge: $70</li><li>3000 monthly minutes, 1000 SMS and 30 GB of web traffic</li><li>After exceeding the package limits:
 1. 1 minute: 1 cent;
 2. SMS: 1 cent;
 3. 1 GB of web traffic: $7.</li></ol><h3>Instructions on completing the project</h3><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 1</strong>. <strong>Open the data file and study the general information</strong></div><div class="paragraph">File path: </div><div class="paragraph"><em>/datasets/megaline_calls.csv</em> <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/megaline_calls.csv">Download dataset</a></div><div class="paragraph"><em>/datasets/megaline_internet.csv</em> <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/megaline_internet.csv">Download dataset</a></div><div class="paragraph"><em>/datasets/megaline_messages.csv</em> <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/megaline_messages.csv">Download dataset</a></div><div class="paragraph"><em>/datasets/megaline_tariffs.csv</em> <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/megaline_tariffs.csv">Download dataset</a></div><div class="paragraph"><em>/datasets/megaline_users.csv</em> <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/megaline_users.csv">Download dataset</a></div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 2. Prepare the data</strong></div><ul><li>Convert the data to the necessary types;</li><li>Find and remove the errors in the data.</li></ul><div class="paragraph">Explain what errors did you find and how did you remove them. 
Please note: quite a lot of calls have a duration of 0.0 minutes, a strong hint that there is a problem with the data and needs preprocessing. </div><div class="paragraph">For each user, find:</div><ul><li>the number of calls made and minutes spent per month;</li><li>the number of SMS sent per month;</li><li>the volume of web traffic per month;</li><li>the monthly profit from each of the users (subtract free package limit from the total number of calls, SMS and web traffic; multiply the result by the calling plan value; add monthly charge depending on the calling plan).</li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 3. Analyse the data</strong></div><div class="paragraph">Describe the clients' behavior. For the users of each of the plans, find the number of minutes and SMS and the volume of web traffic they require per month. Calculate the mean, variance and standard deviation. Plot histograms. Describe the distributions. </div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 4. Test the hypotheses</strong></div><ul><li>the average profit from the users of Ultimate and Surf calling plans is different;</li><li>the average profit from the users in NY-NJ area is different from that of the users from other regions.</li></ul><div class="paragraph">Assign the threshold <em>alpha</em> value independently. </div><div class="paragraph">Explain:</div><ul><li>how you formulated the null and alternative hypotheses;</li><li>what criterion you used for testing the hypotheses and why.</li></ul><div class="paragraph"><strong>Step 5. Write an overall conclusion</strong></div><div class="paragraph"><strong>Format:</strong> Complete the task in <em>Jupyter Notebook</em>. Insert the programming code in <em>code</em> cells and text explanations in <em>markdown</em> cells then apply formatting and headings.</div><h3>Data description</h3><div class="paragraph">The <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">users</code> table (data on users):</div><ul><li><em>user_id</em> — unique user identifier</li><li><em>first_name</em> — user's name</li><li><em>last_name</em> — user's last name</li><li><em>age</em> — user's age (years)</li><li><em>reg_date</em> — subscription date (dd, mm, yy)</li><li><em>churn_date</em> — the date of use discontinue (if the value is missed, the calling plan was used at the moment of data extraction)</li><li><em>city</em> — user's city of residence</li><li><em>tarif</em> — calling plan name</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">calls</code> table (data on calls):</div><ul><li><em>id</em> — unique call identifier</li><li><em>call_date</em> — call date</li><li><em>duration</em> — call duration in minutes</li><li><em>user_id</em> — the identifier of the user making a call</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">messages</code> table (data on SMS):</div><ul><li><em>id</em> — unique SMS identifier</li><li><em>message_date</em> — SMS date</li><li><em>user_id</em> — the identifier of the user sending an SMS</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">internet</code> table (data on web sessions):</div><ul><li><em>id</em> — unique session id</li><li><em>mb_used</em> —  the volume of web traffic spent during a session (in megabytes)</li><li><em>session_date</em> — web session date</li><li><em>user_id</em> — user identifier</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">tariffs</code> table (data on the plans):</div><ul><li><em>tariff_name</em> — calling plan name</li><li><em>rub_monthly_fee</em> — monthly charge in rubles</li><li><em>minutes_included</em> — monthly minutes within package limits</li><li><em>messages_included</em> — monthly SMS within package limits</li><li><em>mb_per_month_included</em> — web traffic volume within package limits (in megabytes)</li><li><em>rub_per_minute</em> — the price per minute after exceeding the package limits (e.g., if the package included 100 minutes, the 101st minute will be charged)</li><li><em>rub_per_message</em> — the price per SMS after exceeding the package limits</li><li><em>rub_per_gb</em> — the price per extra gigabyte of web traffic after exceeding the package limits (1 GB = 1024 megabytes)</li></ul><h2><strong>How will my project be evaluated?</strong></h2><div class="paragraph">We’ve put together some project assessment criteria. Read over them carefully before you start to solve a case.</div><div class="paragraph">Here’s what project reviewers look for when assessing your project:</div><ul><li>how you explain the problems identified in the data</li><li>how you prepare the data for analysis</li><li>what graphs you plot for distributions</li><li>how you interpret the resulting graphs</li><li>how you calculate the standard deviation and variance</li><li>whether you formulate the alternative and null hypotheses</li><li>what methods you use for testing hypotheses</li><li>whether you interpret the result of testing hypotheses</li><li>whether you follow the project structure and keep the code tidy</li><li>the conclusions you come to</li><li>whether you leave comments about the steps.</li></ul><div class="paragraph">The takeaway sheets and summaries from previous lessons have everything that you’ll need in order to complete the project.</div><div class="paragraph">Good luck!</div></div>
