<div class="markdown markdown_size_normal markdown_type_theory"><h1>Project Description</h1><div class="paragraph">Congratulations! You’ve completed another training platform course. Now is the perfect time to test your skills and solve a new machine learning problem. For this project, you will be on your own.</div><div class="paragraph">When you finish, send your work to the project reviewer. You will receive feedback within 24 hours. After that, you will make any necessary changes to your work and send it for a second review.</div><div class="paragraph">Usually, this process has to be repeated several times until you get the green light from the reviewer and all the corrections are approved. That’s all part of the job.</div><div class="paragraph">Your project will be considered complete once the project reviewer approves it.</div><h1>Project description</h1><div class="paragraph">Sweet Lift Taxi company has collected historical data on taxi orders at airports. To attract more drivers during peak hours, we need to predict the amount of taxi orders for the next hour. Build a model for such a prediction.</div><div class="paragraph">The RMSE metric on the test set should not be more than 48.</div><h3>Project instructions</h3><ol start="1"><li>Download the data and resample it by one hour.</li><li>Analyze the data.</li><li>Train different models with different hyperparameters. The test sample should be 10% of the initial dataset.</li><li>Test the data using the test sample and provide a conclusion.</li></ol><h3>Data description</h3><div class="paragraph">The data is stored in the <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">/datasets/taxi.csv</code> file. <a href="https://code.s3.yandex.net/datasets/taxi.csv" target="_blank">Download the dataset</a>. </div><div class="paragraph">The number of orders is in the <code class="code-inline code-inline_theme_light">num_orders</code> column.</div><h1>Project evaluation</h1><div class="paragraph">We’ve put together the evaluation criteria for the project. Read this carefully before moving on to the task.</div><div class="paragraph">Here’s what the reviewers will look at when reviewing your project:</div><ul><li>Have you followed all the steps of the instructions?</li><li>How did you prepare the data?</li><li>What models and hyperparameters have you considered?</li><li>Have you managed to avoid code duplication?</li><li>What are your findings?</li><li>Have you kept to the project structure?</li><li>Have you kept the code neat?</li></ul><div class="paragraph">You have your takeaway sheets and chapter summaries, so you are ready to proceed to the project.</div><div class="paragraph">Good luck!</div></div>